CEXT-2940: Sunset Commerce Events template (#222)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/events/configure-commerce.md

1. Optionally create a new OAuth or JWT credential. Then click **Next**.

1. Update the **Event registration name** and **Event registration description** fields.

1. Select **Save configured events**.

You are now set up to develop your App Builder extension.

## (Optionally) Set up App Builder project with event registration and runtime actions

> The first step to setting up your App Builder template is to set up your environment and create a runtime action. For details about this process, see [Setting up Your Environment](https://developer.adobe.com/runtime/docs/guides/getting-started/setup/) in the _Adobe IO Runtime Guide_ and [Create a templated project](https://developer.adobe.com/developer-console/docs/guides/projects/projects-template/) in the _Developer Console Guide_.

Reviewer: Because it's not a step that has to be taken, I'm wondering if the first sentence should be reworded to start with something like "If you want to add runtime actions..."

Author: Makes sense, I changed it, but maybe it can be paraphrased in a better way.

   * Enter the name of the non-web Runtime Action (generic by default).

   ```bash
   ✔ Installed npm package @adobe/generator-app-events-generic
   ℹ Running template @adobe/generator-app-events-generic
   ? We are about to create a new sample action that A generic action that logs the events received from IO Events.
   How would you like to name this action? generic
   ```

   * Enter the name of `Event Registration` that will be created (Event Registration Default by default).

   ```bash
   ? We are about to create a new Event registration.
   How would you like to name this registration? Customer Event Registration
   ```

   * Enter the description about what the registration is being created for (Registration for IO Events by default).

   ```bash
   ? What is this registration being created for? Registration for receiving customer actions
   ```

   * Choose `Commerce Events` from the list of event providers families.

   ```bash
   ? Choose from the following provider families ( provider metadata ) Commerce Events
   ```

   * Choose the `Event Provider` you created in the [Create an Event Provider](./configure-commerce.md#create-an-event-provider) section.

   ```bash

>    ? Choose from below provider for provider metadata: dx_commerce_events team-mercury-sandbox

Author: Also, it was a part of AC in this task https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/CEXT-2856
```
Add context to Merchant ID field - what it is used for. Update screenshot so that "demo" is not our merchant ID field. Change to "TeamMercuryDeveloperSandbox"
```
So, I changed the `demo` values to `team-mercury` in this PR https://github.com/AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility/pull/218/files

   ```

   * Select the `Event Metadata` you want to associate with the event registration.

   ```bash

>    Choose event metadata for provider: team-mercury-sandbox Observer event customer_login, Observer event customer_logout

Author: The same as my answer to previous comment

   ```

   The command initializes a project with a basic Adobe I/O Runtime Action and configuration for the Event Registration.

> 1. Deploy the generate application to the App Builder project by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Deploy the generated application to the App Builder project by running the following command:
```

   ```bash
   aio app deploy
   ```

>    The command deploys project generated in the previous step to the App Builder and creates a new `Event Registration` that delivers events to the Adobe I/O Runtime Action.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The command deploys the project generated in the previous step to the App Builder. It also creates a new `Event Registration` that delivers events to the Adobe I/O Runtime Action.
```

> 1. You can add more Adobe I/O Runtime actions or `Event Registrations` by editing the `app.config.yaml` file and deploying the project with `aio app deploy` cli command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. You can add more Adobe I/O Runtime actions or Event Registrations by editing the `app.config.yaml` file and deploying the project with `aio app deploy` CLI command.
```

   ```yaml
   application:
     runtimeManifest:
       packages:
         TemplateTest:
           license: Apache-2.0
           actions:
             generic:
               function: actions/generic/index.js
               web: 'no'
               runtime: nodejs:18
               inputs:
                 LOG_LEVEL: debug
               annotations:
                 require-adobe-auth: false
                 final: true
     events:
       registrations:
         Customer Event Registration:
           description: Registration for receiving customer actions
           events_of_interest:
             - provider_metadata: dx_commerce_events
               event_codes:
                 - com.adobe.commerce.observer.customer_login
                 - com.adobe.commerce.observer.customer_logout
           runtime_action: Stage/generic
   ```

> You can find the additional information visiting this the page [App Builder with IO Events](https://developer.adobe.com/events/docs/guides/appbuilder/#initialising-an-app-builder-app-with-io-events-template).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[App Builder with IO Events](https://developer.adobe.com/events/docs/guides/appbuilder/#initialising-an-app-builder-app-with-io-events-template) provides additional information about setting up App Builder projects.
```
